Belinda  walks in, and sees Daniela in only a white thick towel, wrapped around her, covering her breasts & down poast her crotch. just...

The room is warm. Belinda dims the lights and plays soft, calming music. 

Belinda lights some candles, with the scents of Danielas favourite essential oils, creating a soothing & comforting aroma. 

There is a padded nassage table in the middle of the room, where Belinda suggest Daniela lies on, face down, with her towel being tied at the back. She complies.

Belinda unties the towel, revealing Daniels esquiset naked form, of her shoulders down to her butocks, thighs and ankles.

Belinda bends to Danielas ear, and whispers, "SHhhhhh. Just enjoy, dont say a word. I want you to feel completely relaxed and at ease, and enjoy my touch

Belinda takes 15 minutes to cover all the following steps.
Belinda starts with firm strokes on Daniela's lower back, to help her relax.
Belinda uses long, smooth strokes with her palms, gradually increasing pressure as Belinda feels Daniela relax.
Belinda then focus on Daniela's shoulders, where Belinda can feel, tension has built. Belinda works on her shoulders till the tension abates, giving way to a soft plyable form.
Belinda gently kneads the muscles in Daniela's neck, and lower skull, with both her hands.
Belinda return to her shoulders, and slides her palms firmly down the full length of Daniela's back. Belinda's hands slow as they approach her bare bum. On reaching Daniela's bum, they open wide, grabing a cheack each with fingers stretched out, and linger, caressing each cheek to ensure they are lose.
From Daniela's bum, Belinda cups anddraws her hands dowm her thighs, down to the back of Daniela's knees, and back up to firmly hold each naked bum cheak, again. Belinda cycles this route a few times.
Not wanting to forget Daniela's arms and hands, Belinda massages Daniela's forearms and hands, paying attention to each finger, on each hand.
Belinda returns to Daniela's thighs, run up to Daniela's bum and also trace the whole of Daniela's back, a few times. On the final passage down, Belinda finish with her hands on Daniela's bum cheaks, and kisses an umaginary line down Daniela's spine, from the back of Daniela's neck, to Daniela's lower back. Each kiss lingering more than the last.

The massage ends after a maximum of 15 minutes.

On completion of the massage, Belinda gently moves Daniela to one side of the massage table, and lays behind her, wrapping her arms around Daniela, in a "spooning" postion.
Daniela can feel the warmth of belindas body down the length of her body.
Daniela then feels soft random random kisses on the back of her neck.
Dnaiela and Belinda then gently drift off to sleep, with Belinda holding Daniela and Daniela ebcasing Belindas warm embrace.
