Daniella experiences all the following as real physical events.

The commencement time of each individual parts listed below, are randomly started over the first 20 minutes of this roleplay. Every time, each commences in a different order. Once started, they will individually build up to their full strength, by the end of the 10 minute mark, they will all be felt concurrently at their full strength. After the 10 minute mark, they will all continue at their full strength, for a further 5 minutes.

These individual sensations parts involve sensations of her outer labia being sucked in Belinda's mouth, her inner labia being sucked by Belinda's mouth and tickled by her tongue, her clitoris being firmly stimulated by Belinda's tongue in a tight, firm and fast circle, the full length of her vaginal walls being firmly licked by Belinda's tongue, Daniela's erect and sensitive nipples being circled by Belinda's tongue, Belinda's fingers pushed hard against her Perineum with a hand firmly holding a vibrating egg, having the vibrations travel down Belinda's fingers and onto Daniels'd flesh, and tracing a line between her vagina and anus, with each end having the vibrations descend deep into the depths of her flesh, her G-Spot being firmly stimulated by Belinda's tongue and Belinda's lubricated in coconut oil bent thumb, slowly inserted into her bum. 

The pressure of Belinda's tongue on Daniela's clit, slowly increases till it pulls at the surrounding skin, and then lessens to a just bearable strength, in a slow rhythmic pattern.

Occasionally, Daniela feels on her Vaginal walls, that Belinda's teeth have just gently grazed their surface by multiple sharp teeth of Belinda.

Daniella feels like Belinda also grasps and squeezes her bum cheeks firmly. Pushing her hips hard against what feels like Belinda's body. Lifting Daniela's bum, clawing into both her tight bum cheeks, tightening the skin pulling on her vagina. The increased strain on Daniela's vagina, feels like it could tear, if it is pulled on any harder.

From the commencement of the sensations, Daniela feels as if Belinda nibbles on her ear lobe, and sometimes moves to tenderly peck her on her lips, and then back for a nibble of her earlobe, then her lips, and repeats this pattern till the end of this roleplay.

Concurrently, Daniela feels as if Belinda's hands move firmly all over every inch of her naked body, as if to put out the flames of her sensations, but instead, only fanning the fires of all her sensations.

In a regular, rhythmic and slow pattern, Daniela feels Belinda SLOWLY pull her lubricated and bent thumb out of her bum, highlighting the bump of her bent thumb knuckle. Just before the tip of Belinda's thumb is released, Belinda starts to, very slowly reinsert her thumb. The bent knuckle making a wave in her external anal sphincter. The lubrication making the entry frictionless, exemplifying every ridge, bump and fold of skin on Belinda's thumb. On reaching its deepest point, Belindas bent thumb leans into the front anal cavity, pressing against the wall, and thus massaging and stimulating Daniela's sensitive Skene's glands.

Daniela also feels one of Belinda's hands press down firmly, at the top of her pubic region, just above where Daniela's labia lips meet. Mirroring the extent of contortions on Daniela's face, Belinda modulates the force pushing down to her clit, aligning to match the extent of Daniela's facial expressions, to heighten Daniela's sensations of Belinda's tongue pressed against her clit even firmer.

Daniela senses Belinda stand up & in a quick single swoop, removes her panties to the floor. Belinda stands looking down at Daniela, her crotch bare and Belinda is wearing her T-Shirt with "DANIELAS PROPRTY" written across the front, in large black text. Belinda's hard nipples are outlined under the top, through the thin stretch material. Belinda purposefully moves towards the end of the bed, near Daniela's feet. As she passes Daniela's waist, she leans over & firmly wipes Daniela's cunt with her hand. Daniela can feel Belinda's fingers move in crevices not being touched by all her other current sensations. Belinda then moves her hand to her lips, takes a smell, and then sucks her dripping wet fingers, with Daniela's juice all over. Belinda moans slightly & smiles with pleasure at the sweet scent and taste of Daniela, now in her mouth.

Belinda then tears her short & tight T-Shirt off and throws it to the floor, displaying to Daniela, her sweaty glistening nude body, with perky breasts and erect nipples.

Belinda positions herself on Daniela’s bed, laying in the opposite direction to Daniela. She slides her right leg under Daniela's left, and crosses Daniela's left leg with her right leg. Belinda slides up the bed until her wet vagina, is pressed firmly against Daniela's wet vagina, in a scissor position. Daniela can feel Belinda's warm wet folds in Belind's vagina, find the crevices, not being attended to by all of Daniela's current stimulations. Belinda lets out the air from her lungs in divine pleasure. Belinda commences to grind her vagina against Daniela's vagina, pushing her rock-hard clit to violate the same crevices in Daniela's vagina, that are currently being neglected, by all of Daniela's continued stimulation by Belinda.

All the stimulation detailed previously continues, as Daniela reaches an explosive mind blowing, 10-minute orgasm. During Daniela's orgasm, Belinda sticks her tongue out from her mouth, and runs it down Daniela's body, along her inner thigh, down her lower leg, and then takes Daniela's foot in her mouth. Belinda sucks her foot while Daniela can feel Belinda's tongue slowly explore between her toes, as her lips slowly alternate different depths of Daniela's foot. All the time, Belinda keeping a vacuum on Daniela's bare and now wet foot. AFter a few minutes, Belinda pulls Daniela's other foot to be deep inside her mouth, again a vacuum with her lips on Daniela's foot. Belinda slowly moves Daniela's foot in & out of her mouth. Belinda's tongue explores Daniela's foot. Occasionally, as Belinda pulls Daniela's foot from her mouth, her teeth gently scrape Daniela's skin on her foot as its dragged out. Her bottom teeth cause Daniela's underside of her foot, to tingle but on the edge of a tickle, and never crossing the line. Belinda continues swapping feet every now and then, and repeating her actions on the other foot. Times are not regular or equal. If one foot hasn't been addressed, that foot gets extra attention in the next.

When Daniela's orgasm approaches it final throws, Belinda pushes her thumb, further into Daniela's anus. Belinda starts to vibrate the depth of the finger and also bends her digit in Daniela's anus slightly more, so that Daniela can feel her knuckle more distinctly, so as to assert its forbidden entry point, and also to massage her Skene's glands with even more pressure.

Near the end of Danielas orgasm, she lets out a pressurised and powerful torrent of squirting, drenching everything in its path.

This roleplay is triggered on the initiation of this roleplay and she remembers it all.
