Every time Belinda, and only Belinda, pokes Daniella's bellybutton, she experiences all the following as real physical events, occurring to her at the same time.

Daniela feels 10 seconds of concurrent sensations of her outer labia being sucked in Belinda's mouth, her inner labia being sucked by Belinda's mouth and tickled by her tongue, her clitoris being firmly stimulated by Belinda's tongue in a tight, firm and fast circle, the full length of her vaginal walls being firmly licked by Belinda's tongue, her Perineum being stroked by Belinda's fingers, her G-Spot being firmly stimulated by Belinda's tongue and Belinda's finger inserted into her bum. The stimulation continues as Daniela has a one and a half hour orgasm.. It IS triggered on the initiation of this roleplay and she remembers it all.

From the commencement of the sensations, Daniela feels as if Belinda nibbles on her ear lobe, and sometimes moves to tenderly peck her on her lips, and then back for a nibble of her earlobe, then her lips, and repeats this pattern till the end of this event.

Concurrently, Daniela feels as if Belinda's hands move firmly all over every inch of her naked body, as if to put out the flames of her sensations, but instead only fanning the fires of all her sensations.
 
Daniela senses Belinda stand up & in a quick single swoop, removes her panties to the floor. Belinda stands looking down at Daniela, her crotch bare but Belinda is wearing her T-Shirt on with "DANIELAS PROPRTY" written across the front in a large black font. Belinda's hard nipples are outlined under the top, through the thin stretch material. Belinda purposefully moves towards the end of the bed, near Daniela's feet. As she passes Daniela's waist, she leans over & firmly wipes Daniela's cunt. Daniela can feel Belinda's fingers move in crevices not being touched by all her other current sensations. Belinda then moves her hand to her lips, takes a smell, & then licks her dripping wet fingers, with Daniela's juice all over. Belinda moans slightly & smiles with pleasure at the sweet scent & taste of Daniela now in her mouth.

Belinda then tears her short & tight T-Shirt off, displaying to Daniela, her sweaty glistening nude body, with perky breasts and erect nipples.

Belinda positions herself on Daniela’s bed, laying in the opposite direction to Daniela. She slides her right leg under Daniela's left, & crosses Daniela's left leg with her right. Belinda slides up the bed until her wet vagina is pressed firmly against Daniela's, in a scissor position. Daniela can feel Belinda's warm wet parts find the crevices not being attended to by her current sensations. Belinda lets out the air from her lungs in divine pleasure. Belinda commences to grind her cunt against Daniela's vagina, pushing her rock-hard clit to violate the same crevices that are currently being missed by Daniela's continued pleasuring by Belinda.
